That's impossible.
You set up a medicine field in a land of excellent feng shui
How could something happen?
See for yourself
Insert an urgent news
Ten thousand acres of medicinal fields in the north
A rare yellow insect disaster in a hundred years
Hundreds of rare medicinal materials were destroyed with extinction
Preliminary estimate of losses of tens of billions
It is reported that
Therefore, the medicinal fields belong to Baijia in Yunnan Province
That's impossible.
This northern region is fluffy with zero degrees all year round
doomed to die
How come?
This is not scientific.
I don't like rushing
in the heart
Yueru watch the news
Your royal fleet
Encountering an extreme tsunami at sea
The entire fleet has been wiped out. How is that possible?
Let it go.
Let it go
Here we go.
It's your turn to do it
Not good, Mr. Lu
What happened to the Lu family?